# Jamf-Internship
Acme App for Jamf Internship Problem  
The language I chose to write this app in was Swift through XCode using the Storyboard UI. I tried to set up the code in a style of MVC in order to keep it neat and easy to access. 
To start off, the app does not work. I was able to get the API request working successfuly and was able to print the information from the main website when testing if it worked. After that I tried to set up the rest of the app to work. This included creating the apps design with making a table view that had cells that would display each animal and would create the same amount of cells as there were animals to display. I then mapped all of the code to the creation of a cell so that the information from the API request was able to be used in the creaton and displaying of each cell.
I got everything setup and tried to run it and got a dataSource must be used in main thread only error and a reloadData() must be used in main thread only error. I have done extensive research to try and figure this error out but I haven't been able to find a solution that I could aply to my code to get it to run successfully. This would be the point at which I would ask for help because unfortunately I am not well versed in making an app.
If I was able to get everything running successfully I would have then set up a segment where if a certain animal was tapped, an API request would have been made to that animals specific web page and a new screen on the app would have come up and it would have displayed all of the animals details like on the website.
The final step would have been to unit test and make sure that the app was as launch ready as possible but I ran out of time.  
On top of not knowing enough to solve the issue, I also ran out of time and felt like I was lucky enough to spend around 14 hours on research and coding.
I want to thank Jamf for giving me the opportunity to be selected for the interview process and I had so much fun trying to make this app, it was a very humbling and rewarding learning experience.
